feat(content): Korath Utility Ships ft. Rai'alorej & Ikatila'ej (#7174)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/korath/korath ships.txt

		"Triple Plasma Core"
		"Systems Core (Large)"
		"Large Heat Shunt" 2
		"Small Heat Shunt" 2
		"Fuel Processor" 2
		"Korath Repeater Rifle" 8500

		"Afterburner (Planetary Class)"
		"Reverser (Lunar Class)"
		"Thruster (Planetary Class)"
		"Steering (Planetary Class)"
		"Scram Drive"

	"reverse engine" -82 -193.5
		zoom 0.8
	"reverse engine" 82 -193.5
		zoom 0.8
	engine -99 181.5
		zoom 0.9
	engine 99 181.5
		zoom 0.9
	engine -60 167 0.8
	engine 60 167 0.8
	engine -29.5 195.5
	engine 29.5 195.5
	gun -81.5 41.5 "Firelight Missile Bank"
		angle 270
	turret -88.5 -150 "Banisher Grav-Turret"
	turret 88.5 -150 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	turret -110.5 -142 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	turret 110.5 -142 "Banisher Grav-Turret"
	turret 49.5 -53.5 "Langrage Hyper-Heaver"
	turret -64 28 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	turret 64 28 "Banisher Grav-Turret"
	turret -64 50 "Banisher Grav-Turret"
	turret 64 50 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	bay "Fighter" -119.5 -179
		angle 30
	bay "Fighter" 119.5 -179
		angle 330
	explode "tiny explosion" 30
	explode "small explosion" 45
	explode "medium explosion" 50
	explode "large explosion" 40
	explode "huge explosion" 50
	"final explode" "final explosion large"

> 	description "Korath Refuges hold the must vulnerable of the Korath, those that would not survive a battle, even in a ship with armor and shields. Onboard, there are incubators, nurseries, hospitals, and vast stores of medicine. When Korath are attacked, these ships immediately flee; they're among the fastest ships the Korath have built."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Korath Refuges hold the most vulnerable of the Korath, those that would not survive a battle, even in a ship with armor and shields. Onboard, there are incubators, nurseries, hospitals, and vast stores of medicine. These ships immediately flee when the Korath are attacked; they're among the fastest ships the Korath have built."
```

		"Warder Anti-Missile" 4

		"Triple Plasma Core"
		"Double Plasma Core"
		"Systems Core (Large)"
		"Large Heat Shunt" 2
		"Small Heat Shunt" 2
		"Korath Repeater Rifle"  1933
		"Microbot Defense Station" 20

		"Afterburner (Lunar Class)"
		"Steering (Stellar Class)"
		"Thruster (Stellar Class)"
		"Hyperdrive"

	engine -84 231.5
		zoom 0.8
	engine 84 231.5
		zoom 0.8
	engine -61 262.5
	engine 61 262.5
	engine -27 249.5
		zoom 0.8
	engine 27 249.5
		zoom 0.8
	gun 0 -190 "Microbot Factory"
	turret -90.5 -176 "Grab-Strike Turret"
	turret 90.5 -176 "Grab-Strike Turret"
	turret -95 -156 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	turret 95 -156 "Grab-Strike Turret"
	turret -51.5 -98.5 "Shunt-Strike Turret"
	turret 51.5 -98.5 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	turret 0 -94.5 "Shunt-Strike Turret"
	turret 0 14 "Shunt-Strike Turret"
	turret -145.5 83 "Shunt-Strike Turret"
	turret 145.5 83 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	turret -44.5 113
	turret 44.5 113
	turret -139.5 178 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	turret 139.5 178 "Shunt-Strike Turret"
	explode "tiny explosion" 180
	explode "small explosion" 80
	explode "medium explosion" 90
	explode "large explosion" 60
	explode "huge explosion" 25
	"final explode" "final explosion large"

> 	description "The Refabricator is factory ship; a millennia-old ship design that has improved in every generation. At the height of the Korath war, these ships created drones and clouds of combat nanites. Today, its nanite-run factory produces basic living supplies and ship parts, and are vast systems cores in battle."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "The Refabricator is a factory ship; a millennia-old ship design that has improved in every generation. At the height of the Korath war, these ships created drones and clouds of combat nanites. Today, its nanite-run factory produces basic living supplies and ship parts, and are vast systems cores in battle."
```

Author: Gonna wait on raven for new descriptions- but thank you!

		"Systems Core (Large)"
		"Large Heat Shunt" 2
		"Small Heat Shunt" 2
		"Fuel Processor" 2
		"Korath Repeater Rifle" 523
		"Microbot Defense Station" 18

		"Afterburner (Planetary Class)"
		"Reverser (Lunar Class)"
		"Thruster (Planetary Class)"
		"Steering (Planetary Class)"
		"Scram Drive"

	"reverse engine" -82 -193.5
		zoom 0.8
	"reverse engine" 82 -193.5
		zoom 0.8
	engine -99 181.5
		zoom 0.9
	engine 99 181.5
		zoom 0.9
	engine -60 167 0.8
	engine 60 167 0.8
	engine -29.5 195.5
	engine 29.5 195.5
	gun -81.5 41.5 "Firelight Missile Bank"
		angle 270
	turret -88.5 -150 "Banisher Grav-Turret"
	turret 88.5 -150 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	turret -110.5 -142 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	turret 110.5 -142 "Banisher Grav-Turret"
	turret 49.5 -53.5 "Langrage Hyper-Heaver"
	turret -64 28 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	turret 64 28 "Banisher Grav-Turret"
	turret -64 50 "Banisher Grav-Turret"
	turret 64 50 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	bay "Fighter" -119.5 -179
		angle 30
	bay "Fighter" 119.5 -179
		angle 330
	explode "tiny explosion" 30
	explode "small explosion" 45
	explode "medium explosion" 50
	explode "large explosion" 40
	explode "huge explosion" 50
	"final explode" "final explosion large"

> 	description "Korath Refuges rescue the most vulnerable of the Korath from battle. Onboard, there are incubators, nurseries, hospitals, and vast stores of medicine. When Korath are attacked, these ships are quick to respond."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "Korath Refuges rescue the most vulnerable of Korath from battle. Onboard, there are incubators, nurseries, hospitals, and vast stores of medicine. When Korath are attacked, these ships are quick to respond."
```

> 	description "Korath Refuges hold the must vulnerable of the Korath, those that would not survive a battle, even in a ship with armor and shields. Onboard, there are incubators, nurseries, hospitals, and vast stores of medicine. When Korath are attacked, these ships immediately flee; they're among the fastest ships the Korath have built."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "Korath Refuges rescue the most vulnerable of the Korath from battle. Onboard, there are incubators, nurseries, hospitals, and vast stores of medicine. When Korath are attacked, these ships are quick to respond."
```

		"Korath Repeater Rifle"  957
		"Microbot Defense Station" 20

		"Afterburner (Lunar Class)"
		"Reverser (Lunar Class)"
		"Steering (Stellar Class)"
		"Thruster (Stellar Class)"
		"Hyperdrive"

	"reverse engine" -105 -190.5
		zoom 0.8
	"reverse engine" 105 -190.5
		zoom 0.8
	engine -84 231.5
		zoom 0.8
	engine 84 231.5
		zoom 0.8
	engine -61 262.5
	engine 61 262.5
	engine -27 249.5
		zoom 0.8
	engine 27 249.5
		zoom 0.8
	gun 0 -190 "Microbot Factory"
	turret -90.5 -176 "Grab-Strike Turret"
	turret 90.5 -176 "Grab-Strike Turret"
	turret -95 -156 "Grab-Strike Turret"
	turret 95 -156 "Grab-Strike Turret"
	turret -51.5 -98.5 "Shunt-Strike Turret"
	turret 51.5 -98.5 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	turret 0 -94.5 "Shunt-Strike Turret"
	turret 0 14 "Shunt-Strike Turret"
	turret -145.5 83 "Shunt-Strike Turret"
	turret 145.5 83 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	turret -44.5 113 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	turret 44.5 113 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	turret -139.5 178 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	turret 139.5 178 "Shunt-Strike Turret"
	explode "tiny explosion" 180
	explode "small explosion" 80
	explode "medium explosion" 90
	explode "large explosion" 60
	explode "huge explosion" 25
	"final explode" "final explosion large"

> 	description "The Refabricator is factory ship. Its microbot-run factory produces basic living supplies and ship parts, and are vast systems cores in battle."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "The Refabricator is a factory ship. Its microbot-run factory produces basic living supplies and ship parts, and vast systems cores in battle."
```

> 	description "The Refabricator is factory ship; a millennia-old ship design that has improved in every generation. At the height of the Korath war, these ships created drones and clouds of combat nanites. Today, its nanite-run factory produces basic living supplies and ship parts, and are vast systems cores in battle."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "The Refabricator is factory ship. Its microbot-run factory produces basic living supplies and ship parts, and are vast systems cores in battle."
```

		"Systems Core (Large)"
		"Large Heat Shunt" 2
		"Small Heat Shunt" 2
		"Fuel Processor" 2
		"Korath Repeater Rifle" 523
		"Microbot Defense Station" 18

		"Afterburner (Planetary Class)"
		"Reverser (Lunar Class)"
		"Thruster (Planetary Class)"
		"Steering (Planetary Class)"
		"Scram Drive"

	"reverse engine" -82 -193.5
		zoom 0.8
	"reverse engine" 82 -193.5
		zoom 0.8
	engine -99 181.5
		zoom 0.9
	engine 99 181.5
		zoom 0.9
	engine -60 167 0.8
	engine 60 167 0.8
	engine -29.5 195.5
	engine 29.5 195.5
	gun -81.5 41.5 "Firelight Missile Bank"
		angle 270
	turret -88.5 -150 "Banisher Grav-Turret"
	turret 88.5 -150 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	turret -110.5 -142 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	turret 110.5 -142 "Banisher Grav-Turret"
	turret 49.5 -53.5 "Langrage Hyper-Heaver"
	turret -64 28 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	turret 64 28 "Banisher Grav-Turret"
	turret -64 50 "Banisher Grav-Turret"
	turret 64 50 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	bay "Fighter" -119.5 -179
		angle 30
	bay "Fighter" 119.5 -179
		angle 330
	explode "tiny explosion" 30
	explode "small explosion" 45
	explode "medium explosion" 50
	explode "large explosion" 40
	explode "huge explosion" 50
	"final explode" "final explosion large"

> 	description "Korath Refuges rescue the most vulnerable of Korath from battle. Onboard, there are incubators, nurseries, hospitals, and vast stores of medicine. When Korath are attacked, these ships are quick to respond."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "Although fierce in battle and highly adaptable, Korath do not easily recover from injury. Without the aid of a surgeon or more equipment than fits into a standard escape pod, a stranded, injured Korath faces poor odds of survival. Therefore, Korath who leave their home territory have placed great importance on the construction of hospital ships that can quickly locate, recover, and treat the survivors of wrecked ships."
	description "	The Rai'alorej-class Refuge, named for a pioneer in the field of microbot-assisted surgery, is thoroughly appointed with lifeform scanners, locator beacon recievers, ambulances, and search-and-rescue teams. Once onboard, crash victims are greeted with the finest hospital facilities, microbot treatments, and stores of medicine the Exiles have available. Even incubators and nurseries are aboard to treat the young who grow up aboard ship."
```

Reviewer 4: `recievers` -> `receivers`

		"Korath Repeater Rifle"  957
		"Microbot Defense Station" 20

		"Afterburner (Lunar Class)"
		"Reverser (Lunar Class)"
		"Steering (Stellar Class)"
		"Thruster (Stellar Class)"
		"Hyperdrive"

	"reverse engine" -105 -190.5
		zoom 0.8
	"reverse engine" 105 -190.5
		zoom 0.8
	engine -84 231.5
		zoom 0.8
	engine 84 231.5
		zoom 0.8
	engine -61 262.5
	engine 61 262.5
	engine -27 249.5
		zoom 0.8
	engine 27 249.5
		zoom 0.8
	gun 0 -190 "Microbot Factory"
	turret -90.5 -176 "Grab-Strike Turret"
	turret 90.5 -176 "Grab-Strike Turret"
	turret -95 -156 "Grab-Strike Turret"
	turret 95 -156 "Grab-Strike Turret"
	turret -51.5 -98.5 "Shunt-Strike Turret"
	turret 51.5 -98.5 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	turret 0 -94.5 "Shunt-Strike Turret"
	turret 0 14 "Shunt-Strike Turret"
	turret -145.5 83 "Shunt-Strike Turret"
	turret 145.5 83 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	turret -44.5 113 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	turret 44.5 113 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	turret -139.5 178 "Warder Anti-Missile"
	turret 139.5 178 "Shunt-Strike Turret"
	explode "tiny explosion" 180
	explode "small explosion" 80
	explode "medium explosion" 90
	explode "large explosion" 60
	explode "huge explosion" 25
	"final explode" "final explosion large"

> 	description "The Refabricator is a factory ship. Its microbot-run factory produces basic living supplies and ship parts, and vast systems cores in battle."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "For most of their manufacturing needs, the Korath rely, as even some terrestrial species do, upon their space station and asteroid infrastructure. Because they do not have planets to evacuate to, however, the acceptability for failure and downtime is slim to nonexistent. Should equipment aboard a station or a world-ship fail, the Ikatila'ej, named for an inventor famously proficient in a variety of fields, is called in to provide critical support. Its microbot-run factory produces basic living supplies, machine parts, and systems cores, and may assist in continuing stalled production."
	description "	When not assisting with damaged ships and stations, or replenishing its own stores, the Ikatila'ej serves as an all-in-one mining, refining, and factory ship, rapidly turning asteroids into whatever products the civilian economic planning committees have determined to be in the most dire need."
```
